It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
It was curious to think that the sky was the same for everybody, in Eurasia or Eastasia as well as here.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost.
I worry about the many things that could happen to the people I love.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Life is always going to be stranger than fiction, because fiction has to be convincing, and life doesn't.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.
Everybody is a book of blood; wherever we're opened, we're red.
He was a tubby little chap who looked as if he had been poured into his clothes and had forgotten to say 'when!
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Peter Wellman James, codenamed “Hippy”, was handed a head sentence of 12 years in prison on Wednesday, after pleading guilty in the Supreme Court to commercial drug supply, conspiracy and handling tainted money.
In the 1960s, Hutchinson was selling a million copies of his books per year, and most of his titles were kept available in hardcover.
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.